---
title: Privacy Policy
category: general
date: 2021-07-08T22:30:00.000-03:00
---

This privacy policy applies to all pages in this website.

[[toc]]

## Information we collect

Toshokan must receive some personal information from your
Google Account in order for the website to work properly.

All received information is handled in the browser and is
neither stored nor retransmitted to any third party service.
Also, this website is open source, so anyone can inspect
the code and point out any issues at the repository on GitHub.

### Information you provide

This information is obtained when you grant permission for
Toshokan to access your collection sheet.

- **Your account information**. We use your name, e-mail and
  profile picture from your Google Account to customize the
  user interface. The Google Authentication Service provide
  this information by default and it's not possible to
  disable it.
- **Your Google Drive files**. We request a read-only
  information scope from your Google Drive files so we
  can find the collection sheet ID. Besides the collection
  sheet, we do not have access to the content of the other files.
- **Your Google Sheets spreadsheets**. We need read and write
  access to your spreadsheets so we can obtain the data and
  write new information about the collection. Only the
  collection sheet is read and modified.

You can remove the permissions granted to Toshokan at any time
from your Google Account by following the instructions at
[this article] of the Google Account Help.
When you remove the access permission, we will not have access
anymore to your data.

[this article]: [this article]: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/3466521?hl=en#remove-access

### How we use information

We do not store your information in the website server.
Toshokan is just a static website. Your Google Account
personal information is only stored at your local memory
during your use of the tool. When you sign out or close
the website, all the information is automatically erased.
The information will only be requested again at the next
time you use the website and sign in.

## Information we share with third party services

We do not share neither any personal information or data from your
Google Account nor your spreadsheets and files from your Google
Drive with third party services. This can be comprovated
by a inspection on the website source code at the public
repository on GitHub.

Since Toshokan is a open source project, anyone can clone
or fork the repository and modify, compile and host in
any other server. We do not have control or responsibility
over other instances or Toshokan forks besides this
website (https://toshokan-app.netlify.com). Make sure to always check if
you are accesing the demonstration website or your
own local version, as recommended at the instructions
on the README.md file in the repository.

Although we do not share any of your personal data with
third parties, we reserve the right to include affiliate
links to purchase books in some stores in the future.
These links do not include any personal information,
but the store's websites may have some monitoring system
and unique identification, which we have no responsibility
or control. You can get more information regarding this
practice in the store's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.

## Updates to our policy

We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you
notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate,
and update the "Last modified" date at the top of this
Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.

## Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD)

This section applies to personal data processing activities
under Brazilian law and supplements our Privacy Policy.

Under the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (the "LGPD"),
you have the right to access, rectify, port, erase, and confirm
that we process your data. In certain circumstances, you also
have the right to object to and to restrict the processing
of your personal data. This page have more information at
the previous sections about how we process and use your data.

You can remove the permissions granted to Toshokan at any time
from your Google Account by following the instructions at
[this article] of the Google Account Help.
When you remove the access permission, we will not have access
anymore to your data.

Information about how Google takes responsability for your
data according to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law
can be obtained in [this page] from
Google Account Help.

The complete content of Law No. 13,709 of August 14, 2018,
can be accessed [through this page] on the
Federal government of Brazil website.

[this article]: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/3466521?hl=en#remove-access
[this page]: https://support.google.com/authorizedbuyers/answer/9928204?hl=en
[through this page]: http://www.planalto.gov.br/ccivil_03/_ato2015-2018/2018/lei/l13709.htm
